# School-management-System
This is an application that performs various CRUD operations such as creating students, classes, teachers etc. It has roles for Admin, Students and Teachers, with each role designed to perform specific functions only permitted to such role. Admin can assign students to a class and also each class is designed to have specific subjects attached to it, on registration of a student, the admin assigns the student to a class and the student gets to offer cumpulsary subjects designated for that class. Admin can assign a teacher to a class and also asign a suject to a teacher assigned to a class. Admin can also assign special subjects to students, and also an admin can assign a role to a teacher and to a student eg, Head teacher, head Boy, Head Girl, Social Prefect etc. A teacher and give students assignments and projects where he can monitor the progress of the assignment by keeping tabs on the students. The teacher can mark daily attendance of the students and send the report to the admin. Students can view their profile, check for assignments and declare their progress in the assignment or project. Features to enable admin, teachers, students and also parents communicate on the app are available on the app, i.e and admin can easily organise a meeting with a teacher, so also an admin can set up PTA meeting between parents and teachers and school management. Students can take exams and tests on the application after which the teacher attends to it and sends the report to the admin and the students and also to students parents. 

This app was built using Java for server side and Angular for client side. More features will keep being added to the project as time goes on. I hope you find my code interesting.

Thank you
